It's that the bite is a lie, we've been
talking about a bite for a year, a bite
that we were discussing that
if he defends himself, that if he doesn't defend himself, well, it's that there isn't even a bite because by denying the forensic evidence, the bite, which I think is quite clear in the trial, the judge does include it in the sentence as a proven fact, that is, the way in which he was killed was given
little importance, it really has no
importance at all because both when it came
to biting and when it came to
using the nails, it was clear that in
any case the wounds were from an attempt to
survive, not even an attempt to
defend himself. You see the chin, the chin, the
chin, of course, and then the guy
couldn't have bitten, he was probably
giving him a real bear hug.